[music]
Let's see if you [music] can go slow.
I I know there's no word in Kiwi for
slow,
but and the urge is, you know, get it
quick and [music] do it whatever before
they can counter or something. But we've
bowed into each other. We're [music]
practicing together. And if they don't
work with you that way, get a better
partner. But see if you can't [music]
move just a little bit slower. So when
you're feeling
that you're missing it, it gives you the
time to
look for a path that works. Thank you,
Paul.
I know the
please
the rush is strong and and that speeding
up goes on every time you're under
stress. Long muscles shorten, heartbeat
increases, mind uh
what a rhythm increases, peripheral
vision narrows. And we want to take the
time to do the opposite
because
options that weren't there a minute ago
begin to show up that you know just show
up because if you're [music]
open they will. The universe is always
whispering to you the messages going on
in your system that are telling [music]
you how to breathe.
And when you do it and it feels better
and you just radiate a a I don't know
more charming quality whatever it is. Uh
all of that are indicators to that place
where the creativity of your life starts
to show up and all the things that
seemed like such a problem. Uh you know
why do you play those silly video games
or or whatever? Because it's fun solving
the problem. And if you could take that
uh attitude into the ones that you don't
like to have to deal with, if you could
pretend that you were enjoying it, if
you could get into that space. So I want
to slow down.
>> [music]